README.md, before:

# Gnome shell extension: Dell Command Configure Menu

This extension adds gnome top-bar submenus to access [Dell Command Configure](https://www.dell.com/support/kbdoc/en-uk/000178000/dell-command-configure) options, which needs to be installed separately.

## Supported features

Currently only primary battery charge mode is implemented via `primarybatterycfg` option. Custom charge levels can be chosen in the preferences menu.

* Custom charge mode
* Express charge mode
* Adaptive charge mode
* Standard charge mode
* BIOS setup password validation

| Feature                                   | Preview                                      |
|-------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------|
| Charge options in Power submenu           | ![Charge options](./img/charge-options.png)  |
| Preferences menu                          | ![Preferences menu](./img/prefs-menu.png)    |
| BIOS Setup password dialog when "Ask for BIOS Setup password" is activated in preferences menu                | ![BIOS setup password dialog](./img/bios-setup-pass.png)    |

## Installation from git

```sh
git clone git://github.com/vsimkus/gnome-shell-extension-dell-command-configure-menu.git
cd gnome-shell-extension-dell-command-configure-menu
glib-compile-schemas --strict --targetdir=dell-command-configure-menu@vsimkus.github.io/schemas/ dell-command-configure-menu@vsimkus.github.io/schemas
cp -r dell-command-configure-menu@vsimkus.github.io ~/.local/share/gnome-shell/extensions
```

Restart the shell (`alt + F2` and then `r`) and then enable the extension.

## Installation from extensions.gnome.org

<https://extensions.gnome.org/extension/4545/dell-command-configure-menu/>

## Contributions

Contributions are welcome. Please open a PR or an issue describing in detail what you would like to be added.

Commit message:

Added note to manual install from git readme for unsupported shell versions

README.md, after:

# Gnome shell extension: Dell Command Configure Menu

This extension adds gnome top-bar submenus to access [Dell Command Configure](https://www.dell.com/support/kbdoc/en-uk/000178000/dell-command-configure) options, which needs to be installed separately.

## Supported features

Currently only primary battery charge mode is implemented via `primarybatterycfg` option. Custom charge levels can be chosen in the preferences menu.

* Custom charge mode
* Express charge mode
* Adaptive charge mode
* Standard charge mode
* BIOS setup password validation

| Feature                                   | Preview                                      |
|-------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------|
| Charge options in Power submenu           | ![Charge options](./img/charge-options.png)  |
| Preferences menu                          | ![Preferences menu](./img/prefs-menu.png)    |
| BIOS Setup password dialog when "Ask for BIOS Setup password" is activated in preferences menu                | ![BIOS setup password dialog](./img/bios-setup-pass.png)    |

## Installation from git

> :exclamation: If your Gnome version is not listed in [metadata.json](./dell-command-configure-menu%40vsimkus.github.io/metadata.json), add it to the `shell-version` list before running the `cp -r ...` command below.

```sh
git clone git://github.com/vsimkus/gnome-shell-extension-dell-command-configure-menu.git
cd gnome-shell-extension-dell-command-configure-menu
glib-compile-schemas --strict --targetdir=dell-command-configure-menu@vsimkus.github.io/schemas/ dell-command-configure-menu@vsimkus.github.io/schemas
cp -r dell-command-configure-menu@vsimkus.github.io ~/.local/share/gnome-shell/extensions
```

Restart the shell (`alt + F2` and then `r`) and then enable the extension.

## Installation from extensions.gnome.org

<https://extensions.gnome.org/extension/4545/dell-command-configure-menu/>

## Contributions

Contributions are welcome. Please open a PR or an issue describing in detail what you would like to be added.
